### Title
**Restrictive NFT Burning Mechanism: Limited to Owners Only**

### Description
The identified issue in the [smart contract](https://github.com/zerolend/incentive-contracts/blob/3fbcd817c310d1682d2301d23233f0fc7e7d1f00/contracts/ZeroLocker.sol#L25) concerns the `_burn` function's implementation, which currently allows only the NFT owner to burn the token. This implementation contradicts the intended functionality, where both operators or addresses with approval for a specific token ID should also be able to execute the burn operation. The function, as written, does not acknowledge approved or operator addresses, limiting the burn capability exclusively to the owner of the NFT.

### Impact
The limitation within the `_burn` function, restricting NFT burning to the owner only, significantly impacts other functions of the smart contract, notably `merge()` and `withdraw()`. 

1. **Impact on `merge()` Function:**
   - The `merge()` function is designed to consolidate the locked balances of two NFTs. Since it concludes by burning the source NFT (`_from`), the restrictive nature of the `_burn` function means that only the owner of the `_from` NFT can initiate a merge. This restriction inadvertently prevents operators or approved addresses from utilizing the `merge()` functionality, even if they have legitimate permissions to manage the NFTs involved.

2. **Impact on `withdraw()` Function:**
   - Similarly, the `withdraw()` function, which is used to withdraw tokens post-expiration of the lock, concludes by burning the NFT (`_tokenId`). The restrictive `_burn` implementation limits this operation to the NFT owner alone. This restriction could hinder scenarios where an operator or an approved individual needs to execute withdrawals, especially in complex systems where such roles are critical for efficient management and operation.


### Proof of Concept
The core of the issue is in the `_burn` function's use of `_removeTokenFrom(msg.sender, _tokenId);`. The function checks in the [line](https://github.com/zerolend/incentive-contracts/blob/3fbcd817c310d1682d2301d23233f0fc7e7d1f00/contracts/ZeroLocker.sol#L302) 
`assert(idToOwner[_tokenId] == _from);` checks if the `_from` is the owner of the NFT, thereby not considering whether `msg.sender` is an approved operator or has been granted approval for the specific token ID. As a result, only the owner can successfully execute the burn, and attempts by operators or approved addresses will fail.


https://github.com/zerolend/incentive-contracts/blob/3fbcd817c310d1682d2301d23233f0fc7e7d1f00/contracts/ZeroLocker.sol#L1109C5-L1122C6

### Recommendations
To address this issue:

1. **Update the `_burn` Function:** Modify the `_burn` function to allow operators or approved addresses to also execute the burn operation. 

```diff
   function _burn(uint256 _tokenId) internal {
        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId), "caller is not owner nor approved");
        address owner = _ownerOf(_tokenId);
        _approve(address(0), _tokenId);
-        _removeTokenFrom(msg.sender, _tokenId);
+        _removeTokenFrom(owner, _tokenId);
        emit Transfer(owner, address(0), _tokenId);
    }
```

