## Title

Incorrect reward distribution when `t == roundedTimestamp` in `FeeDistributor.sol` contract

## Description

The FeeDistributor contract has a vulnerability that leads to incorrect reward distribution when a transaction occurs at the beginning of an epoch. The issue is related to the `_checkpointTotalSupply` function, where the reward calculation may be inaccurate when the timestamp exactly matches the rounded timestamp. This can result in incorrect reward amounts for users. FeeDistributor distributes newly minted tokens to users who lock the tokens in ZeroLocker. The FeeDistributor stores the supply in the public `veSupply` mapping. The FeeDistributor `_checkpointTotalSupply` function iterates from the last updated time until the latest epoch time, fetches totalSupply from ZeroLocker, and saves it.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that users may receive incorrect rewards when interacting with the FeeDistributor contract. Specifically, when a transaction occurs at the beginning of an epoch and the timestamp matches the rounded timestamp, the reward calculation for subsequent transactions will be inaccurate.

## Proof of Concept

Assume the following scenario when a transaction is executed at the beginning of an epoch:

1. Alice locks 100 tokens, and the supply of Zero increases to 100.
2. Bob calls the `checkpointTotalSupply`. The FeeDistributor saves the totalSupply as 100.
3. Bob locks 300 tokens, and the supply of Zero increases to 400.
4. After some time, Bob claims the reward. The reward is calculated by `totalReward * balance / supply`. However, due to the vulnerability, Bob gets `reward = 3` instead of the expected `reward = 3/4`.

The invariance of the week-bound total supply is broken, as described in the provided [code](https://github.com/zerolend/incentive-contracts/blob/3fbcd817c310d1682d2301d23233f0fc7e7d1f00/contracts/FeeDistributor.sol#L39).

NOTE: This kind of vulnerability is common in similar type of codebases.

## Links to Affected Code

[Link to FeeDistributor.sol](https://github.com/zerolend/incentive-contracts/blob/3fbcd817c310d1682d2301d23233f0fc7e7d1f00/contracts/FeeDistributor.sol#L156)

## Tools Used

VSCode

## Recommended Mitigation Steps

It is recommended to update the `_checkpointTotalSupply` function as follows:

```diff
function _checkpointTotalSupply(uint256 timestamp) internal {
  uint256 t = timeCursor;
  uint256 roundedTimestamp = (timestamp / WEEK) * WEEK;

  locker.checkpoint();

  for (uint256 index = 0; index < 20; index++) {
-  if (t > roundedTimestamp) {
+    if (t >= roundedTimestamp) {
      break;
    } else {
      uint256 epoch = _findTimestampEpoch(t);
      IZeroLocker.Point memory pt = locker.pointHistory(epoch);

      int128 dt = 0;

      if (t > pt.ts) dt = int128(uint128(t - pt.ts));

      veSupply[t] = Math.max(uint128(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt), 0);
    }

    t += WEEK;
  }

  timeCursor = t;
}
```
